Critical evaluation

Your advice is not clear at all.
I couldn't speak, then I told him to fix it quickly but I still haven't fixed it.
If you do that, you will lose my customers.
I really don't want to come over, baby, I don't want to come and work with you anymore.
I'm so tired of you, I don't like that for a long time, but now I say it.
I work so hard.
The material brought into it was hot, I did not feel very satisfied.
What a weird thing to do.
I signed a loan contract 3 4 months ago but I haven't seen the disbursement yet.
My treatment is too long, I've been following for 5 months, but it's not even half.
Once in a while you use it and it gets a bit dull.
It's not over yet, I'm still giving you more medicine now.
In general, I find it slower and slower.
Why close the door early without telling me to run over to the place where no one can wake up.
My side promised a warranty for 1 month but now I don't receive the device to repair.
I gave the phone to my boss, I'm so angry now.
You should look at her attitude just now, she said that she could argue.
I've missed it, but next time don't make me wait so long.
It's too noisy next to me, I can't hear anything.
I passed in the morning and did not see anyone offering a drink of water.
The seat next to me is too hot, please install an air conditioner.
The item I sent over is so dented, how can you pay?
Why is it so far away, he ran to make sure he ran out of money for gas.
If you work with me like this, I'll kill you.
Buy it and use it once and then it's broken.
Why did you order yellow but it was delivered in black?
The logo you designed doesn't look good and doesn't show the meaning of your company.
If I do anything, I will work on the weekend but not finished yet, cancel the contract.
Disbursement is too late.
Stop explaining what's too long, in short, I'll never solve it for you.
Every once in a while, the app keeps getting wobbly, so I can't wait to get in.
My son has taken 2 courses, but he has not made any progress.
Tuition is too expensive.
I called the hotline yesterday but no staff answered the phone.
Why do you keep clicking on the website but you don't get the bill.
I've been squeezing acne for more than a month and it's still dark.
why the app you turn off the screen is not receiving new calls.
I see you how my teeth are decayed.