Make a question

I do VNG, my dear.
What's your name.
nothing.
On your side is the side is where is where the address is.
How much does it cost to change the website?
I asked what number is this.
how much does it cost a year, so how much does it cost a month?
have any work.
I have a car from Da Nang to Tam Ky, what time is it?
Well this is depends on the intensity right.
Hi, can I ask the salary, please?
Can I change my phone number?
yeah that's right, two hundred, isn't it dear.
How many numbers do you pass in this number?
Kind of like maintenance right?
Yes, I heard you say no.
the other two are two hundred.
Well, the schedule is ten days, right?
What company is this, what company is this?
So you get married here again.
a leopard dress right hip leopard color right hip.
Are you on viettel?
I have a need, but now consider the model like sister.
about how many hours to study for her.
Can you do it tomorrow morning?
Well, why write it as my information, thanks.
I don't know if there is any skin irritation.
is to write the text of the correct content.
Hey, I'm sending it from Hanoi.
Well, the password is sent to the email, right?
Just let me go to the store to get it.
So how do you learn how to save money there?
Well, then it costs nothing to send a gift.
Hey, how do you use this voucher?
Well then, is there any cost to send gifts?
Also, I'm from which unit.
Yes, you registered with this phone number, right?
Well, now I run from there to you, right?
What time is it when we go down in the morning?
Is this a loss of money or what?
How many hours does it take for the car to go from Da Nang to the South by my side?
Is this pile of goods enough for 35 kg?
Oh, this number is mine.
I can only study at night, can I study at this time?
Where is my house located?
That sister is by my side, but what kind of item is that?
but, can you translate this, can you do it on there?
yes, is there anything wrong?
What time is it tonight?
Well, when you use it, how is it?
yes that's right is there a problem?
Can you help me green and red?
This afternoon, you are coming to my sister to treat bruises, right?
Genuine sheepskin fabric is right hip or fake or fake.
How much is baby shower gel per bottle?
How much is it to ship two heads?
Yes, did you drink milk every day when you saw it for five days?
Why are the weekly papers not sent to you?
five and a half hundred, not four and a half hundred.
Is it your side to work at the bank?
That's the new code at noon right.
Does it take a long time to do that?
not yet, what time is it?
Saturday morning but not past noon, right?
Did you do it, but why was it deleted?
Yes, my dear, my house is a dog shop, right?
My schedule is that I also know what day to visit.
Yes, renting an office is what your office is for.
but then see how much it cost me.
Is it delivered now or what?
I changed offices and not the other side.
Does the design money and drawings run out a lot?
Nineteen o'clock is tomorrow night.
Is it a bit dangerous to put it like that?
Then let me ask you what to invest in.
Well, thank you, but where is the center?
and the order is still standing and I don't know if it's ten percent off.
How many months is my course?
Which side are you an employee?
who are you.
who is it.
what.