Make appointment

It was too noisy to hear anything at night, so he called back.
I'm studying and can't answer the phone, I'll call back later.
In the evening he called back.
I'm in a meeting, call me back later.
I'll call you back when I'm free.
I'm out on the street, I'll call you back later.
It's too noisy, I'll call you back later.
It's too noisy in here, I can't hear anything, I'll call you back later.
I have seen my order, I have paid for it, then it will take 3 to 4 days for me to receive your goods.
In the near future, there will be an exchange meeting between the partners you are going to arrange to join us.
In 2 days, I will come to you to talk directly.
After receiving the payment within 2 days, I will complete the setup for you.
The course of melasma treatment at my place is 4 months.
I'll wait 5 minutes, I'll check.
Tomorrow I have a meeting to discuss a little more clearly.
Yes, I called to invite me to the English center's year-end parent meeting.
In July, the company organizes a trip to singapo.
Yes, I support to return the product within 7 days.
Are you free tonight, I'll have a meeting to guide you on how to install it.
We invite you to come back next Wednesday.
This campaign took us 8 months to complete.
Wait for next Thursday, I will bring the contract over to sign.
When you Pham Tuan Phi has a need, please let me know, I will support you all the way.
I will go to the alley in 5 minutes, I will come to pick up the goods and then go quickly, there are too many orders.
Two hours later I ran over and now it's raining heavily next to me.
Your dental appointment has been moved to March 29.
If you miss within those 3 months, can you generate more subscribers?
It takes 2 days to complete the profile.
Call me back on the 22nd of next month, I'm very busy.
Please remember to check the zalo for me, I will send you a reference price list tonight.
In 5 minutes, I will send you the order email again.
Can I send the book to this place in the contract within two weeks?
Hi, I have an email about the interview schedule to apply for dssi scholarship on January 17, please confirm and choose the time on the link, thank you.
Is it ok on Friday at 10 am?
If you don't finish the campaign by the end of this month, remember to let me know.
My system is under maintenance a little bit more stable, please message me.
I can do about 3 in 1 hour, I'm sure 15 will go to school.
I went to work on 2 months later and returned.
I want to finish the setup in 1 week.
I'll call you back tomorrow.
On the occasion of Mother's Day May 9, care with love would like to send you special programs to make this day more meaningful.
The order I placed in 1 hour, I will deliver it to you.
I am free this saturday this week.
Riverside villas open for sale within the next 2 months.
The expiry date of this product is July 28.
I will notify the warehouse that when shipping, I will ship it to you during office hours.
The 30 percent fake voucher has 4 days left to expire, so I'll take advantage of it.
I sent my zalo the content of the fee payment and then we arranged to pay today so that the net will not be cut off.
Parents, please register your child in class or register via hotline 0909238958 before August 25, 2022.
This product has a 36 month warranty.
With a quantity of 30 shirts and this style, it will take about 10 days for me to deliver.
I'm going to do my hair and makeup, and it took me more than 2 hours to finish, I'll call you over to pick you up.
Yes, let me see how the land is before I can make a deposit.
Families are cordially invited to attend the 14th class at 9 am on Sunday, August 7.
If you are busy tomorrow, can I come over on Friday, I will introduce it to you so that it won't take much time for you to grasp the information.
Next Monday, I can disburse it for you.
The delivery date will be September 16 I will call you when I arrive.
I will refund the fast delivery fee to you, please message me your account number, I will transfer the money back to you right away.
This package is 3 days 2 nights.
So I agree to organize it on August 20th.
My side is stuck with money, so it will have to go through next Wednesday to give money to our side, so I can sympathize with you.
I'll do my makeup and hair, then I'll come pick you up in about 2 hours.
Are you free, I have a great new project if you can come over for coffee and chat on Tuesday.
We check it takes 2 hours, try to wait.
I'm in a meeting at 5 o'clock, please call back.
I heard the information on the 25th is to complete the application to study abroad.
It will be about 2 months before I run the campaign with you.
I'll call you back tomorrow.
Let's welcome the third Ho Chi Minh City Children's Book Fair taking place in mid-July 2022.
I have a great new project on Tuesday. You come over for coffee and chat.
On May 20, your side will bring the book to my side, won't you?
You need to deploy urgently next Monday at the latest.
Please wait 1 hour for me.
Yes, 1 hour later, I told the staff to bring her over.
I booked an appointment at 9 am on Sunday to do my face.
I'm going on a trip and won't be back in 2 days.
I was born on February 18, 1997.
Please remember to complete the application as soon as possible so that I can disburse it for you.
This August, members using myvinpearl will receive a discount code of 300000 VND for combo airfare plus hotel.
Let me book tickets for May 29, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City.
I went on a company trip with the company this weekend.
Tomorrow night at 8 o'clock, I will bring things to your house for you to try. Tomorrow I will be busy all day and can't come.
It takes about 1 hour and 30 minutes to fly from Hanoi to Saigon.
I will check the information later after the meeting is over.
Yes, my side is delivering goods, the car will arrive in 40 minutes.
Love flowers will deliver within 3 hours after you place your order.
Yes, I would like to ask you to log out of my account in 5 minutes, then log back in, please help me with this account.
So I agree to organize this on August 20th.
then after two days I complete the contract procedures, every day you will receive your account is seventy thousand.
From August 10th, members of pearl club will be entitled to a discount for booking rooms plus playing vinwonders for only two million dong.
I will help you advance in a few days, my accountant will come back and pay immediately.
From the time you receive the application to the time it is processed, it takes 15 days.
November 18 gives me a leave of absence.
so at noon around half past twelve, you deliver it, I'll give the money to grab.
My boss will see next Thursday next week.
try to finish it for you in about 1 hour.
I'll bring things over to your house tonight for you to try. I'll be busy all day tomorrow and can't come.
I will send you a detailed price list before 9 am tomorrow, I am checking more about the best discount for you.
After 1 week, I can only complete the application, then I can return the land book to you.
If my side does not complete it before 3 pm tomorrow, I will refund you.
I want to book the lobby for 40 tables in 3 months, I will give you a quote.
I need to send a text message at 9 a.m. Sunday.
I have to come back on February 6 for you to check again.
Her company just disbursed on the 20th.
Remember to visit me to get your membership card.
Arrange a car for me on February 3.
I called you earlier but you were busy, you promised to call me back in 15 minutes.
he has successfully registered for the course held on January 4th.
My treatment used within 3 months to help me.
If you rent for 3 years, will there be any incentives?
Due to the fact that my technical team does not have anyone to integrate at the moment, it may be until the end of this year or the beginning of next year.
I will give you an additional certificate of singleness that is valid for 6 months to supplement the dossier.
On Friday, my company goes on a 3 day 2 night trip in Nha Trang, if you need any help, please call a number of me.
In 2 days, I will come to you to talk directly.
Your order will be shipped by March 9th.
In 2 weeks, you will receive your salary and then you will pay later.
Can you deliver it within this afternoon during office hours?
I will contact you again on July 10.
On March 8, we maintain the system.
On March 25, basic classes started.
ok, what are you trying to do to run over to me to receive the voucher.
About 1 hour to deliver in time.
If you don't pay in 5 days, my side will have to lock my account.
I'll run over and reinstall the system tomorrow, please help me.
I wait for you 30 minutes, I will call you back after meeting.
I will immediately send you the user and password via email.
I've been taking the medicine for 5 days and it hasn't healed yet.
Next Wednesday this item will be on promotion.
The shipping company has informed me that I have received the goods on May 24, sister, please check and give it back to me.
Our goods will arrive at the warehouse on April 20, I will deliver to you immediately after receiving.
The day after tomorrow, I will have coffee with you to discuss more.
Fifteen months later, her side started the campaign again.
When I get home from work in the afternoon, I'll drop by and deliver it to you, it's only about 15 minutes where I went to you.
My friend and I schedule our baby to start learning piano with her from this Saturday, sister.
We will be there by June 28th to catch the event.
On August 3, we will suspend this service.
My boss will come back from work next month.
We have received information that you will interview for a scholarship for the upcoming dssi course at 10:30 on January 17.
After September 18, my side will apply the new interest rate.
This coupon is only valid for 2 days.
Do you have an order report on June 28 for me?
I will send you a detailed price list before 9 am tomorrow, I am checking more about the best discount for you.
You just keep working, I'll call you back in an hour to discuss it's okay.
The program is being updated in 2 hours, please come back.
I will schedule a meeting with you this Friday, August 12.
Next week, I'll go to the project below and I'll come down to visit you for a long time, I haven't seen you for a long time.
I'll be free the day after tomorrow so I'll call you back that day.
At about 4 pm on Monday, I booked a body appointment at 9 am this morning, why is it not available now?
My side is stuck with money, so it will have to go through next Wednesday to give money to our side, so I can sympathize with you.
My side moved the office in 2 days to finish.
I'll be able to start training next week.
Dear uncle, in the early afternoon, someone from my side came to fix the broadcasting station for you.
This process must be completed by March 28.
How long does it take you to dye it about 4 hours?
Our language center after April 30, May 1 is the opening of the baby's next English course, please register your baby too.
Yes, after you order, I will book grab for instant delivery, I'm sure it will take you about 30 minutes to arrive.
Is this project going to be implemented well until the beginning of August?
In 30 minutes, I have a job for you urgently.
In 2 weeks, a staff member will come to see you.
Do you have free time next Tuesday?
On the afternoon of the 22nd, I have a press conference.
Let me book a family room for September 12th.
Each swimming course at fuji is 4 days depending on your arrangement.
I will give you office hours tomorrow.
He wants the order to be delivered by 10 a.m. Thursday.
Register your brand name up to 19 days.
This promotion expires on June 4th.
Report, it takes about 3 to 5 working days for the network operator to return it.
Only on July 20, 2022, Vinpearl cooperates with Vietnam Airlines to send customers a package resort combo from only 3 million VND for 3 days and 2 nights.
I'll send you a report later at nine o'clock.
My order code 220728m1 has been successfully delivered on August 5, 2022, please confirm that you have received the goods for me.
In 3 days, the office will open.
I download the app and register with a purchase phone number, about 30 minutes later, the discount code will automatically be added to your account on the app.
After 2 hours, I'll have to go to work and have a meeting to discuss.
yes tomorrow my brother will send you the name and phone number of the person receiving the book, right, before handing over, I will call that person immediately.
Art orientation class in Ho Chi Minh will take place for 2 days in early August.
After 2 months, I will get that insurance.
Yes, after you order, I will book grab for instant delivery, I'm sure it will take about 30 minutes to come to you.
Tomorrow morning around 9am to 10am, I'll dye your head again.
less than 50,000 for a year of carpentry training.
So, at 7 pm on Friday, let's meet up at the snail cafe.
If you are busy tomorrow, can I come over on Friday, I will introduce it to you so that it won't take much time for you to grasp the information.
It is expected that the project will be implemented within 2 weeks of data 10 thousand, please quote me a price.
His appointment has been rescheduled to November 9.
At 17 o'clock, my babysitting time is over, sister.
Tomorrow at 9 o'clock, I will visit Hoang Hoa Than clinic to re-examine her.
I have a scheduled meeting every 3rd week and can't go.
Yes, I'm stuck in traffic so I can't come to you in 30 minutes.
I will help you advance in 2 days, my accountant will come back and pay immediately.
The epidemic has been closed for 4 months already.
I will come to your company in 15 minutes, I will send you the price list.
After 1 year, maybe the new project will be completed.
Do you have anything so that I can email you the time to join the meeting.
My 10 million loan is due to be paid by Monday.
Hey, I'll tell you that your loan is due on June 30th.
July 9 invites you to the company office for an interview.
Students will choose the menu for the next full month of school.
I think you can come pick it up on Sunday, I'm almost done.
Monday morning, bring the car back to the hotel parking lot to help me.
welcome to the southern bookstore lotte mart honor to open July 15, 2022.
I think the 10th day is reasonable.
Around July/August we will have a marketing training class.
Let me tell you guys to set up the switchboard for me on Thursday.
Every time I restart my system, it takes 30 minutes to get it running again.
I'm busy after 4 weeks, I'll come over to you to re-record.
can i tomorrow?
Your lease on May 27 will expire.
I am sorry, 3 hours for the car to arrive.
This October, hot deal, great price, buy vion vip package for only 1k dong.
I have too many orders for fear of not being able to deliver tomorrow, I'll see you again in 3 days.
Next Saturday, let her book a table for 5 people.
The time to check with me is 3 working days, if there is no response, it will be considered as agreement.
Can I confirm that you booked a car to go to Nha Trang on March 25, right?.
I will issue you an invoice in August.
You just keep working, I'll call you back in an hour to discuss it's okay.
After studying for about 6 months, I can communicate in Chinese.
On September 2, her company has 4 days off.
The publishing law refresher course will last for 6 days.
pearl club offers special privileges in August for members of the vinpearl membership program.
Hi, my technician has created an account for you, it will cost you 20 minutes to check if there is a course showing up.
My boss is going to work next Thursday, I won't come back when the photos come back, I will sign and send you the scanned copy first and then transfer the hard copy over.
In the next 10 days, I will run the campaign.
If I delay like this, I won't be able to finish in 1 month.
After 2 hours, I'll have to go to work and have a meeting to discuss.
Cam Phong will confirm the order successfully within 24 hours after placing the order on the form.
This promotion is valid from February 25th.
I'll call you back tomorrow I'm busy.
This program will open in 1 week, I will come back later.
I'm free for the second size.
About 11 o'clock I'm free, you guys run over to consult my service packages.
This August 30, I have to report revenue to my boss.
Please wait for me 5 minutes, I will review this login error for you.
the day he comes to school is around May 15th.
Two weeks later, the new department issued her a certificate.
When I get home from work in the afternoon, I'll drop by and deliver it to you, it's only about 15 minutes where I went to you.
At 6 am tomorrow, I will focus on jogging, everyone, and then stop by a nearby restaurant to have breakfast.
I have a lot of call center packages, but the minimum is 12 months, the number of optional employees will have different prices.
The product launch will be held on June 10.
I'll do it for you in 2 weeks.
Well, I'm going to start taking leave on Saturday, August 6.
Last Sunday of this month, we have a lucky draw for customers who deposit 200 million or more.
After completing the project, I will accept it in 7 days, if there are no more problems, I will pay the rest.