Reject service

I work at Stringee, my dear.
My son went to the doctor for worms.
Thank you, I don't need it.
okay you don't need it.
Just don't buy it.
Thank you thank you thank you thank you, I no longer need it.
You understand that your family has no need for your children to go to school.
I told you I don't need you.
Well, I have no need to invest in real estate. There is no need to invest.
Yes, I don't need it, thank you.
Oh, there's no need, there's no need to buy anything.
but I'm going to the operating room tonight, I'm very busy right now, I don't have the need to go back to practice.
Stop it, this is not your sister.
I don't have a need, thank you.
Well, I don't need it, I'm so busy, sorry.
Well, I don't care about stocks anymore.
Oh no, I don't need to change the signal over there, dear.
Well, I don't need it anymore, I just got another sim.
hey, hey, hey, he waited and then he went to buy another place.
Yeah, I've discussed it, but I don't like it very much.
no no no don't take care of me, don't take that, then thank you.
I don't have a need, I don't have a need for you to come over, thank you.
There is no need to study there for five months, six months, so please contact me.
At this time, you have no need, so please contact me later.
Well, when you need me to call you back.
Well, this one, I don't care too much. Please take a look and understand and then say hello.
It's because I have to go to school on Saturday morning, so I don't need it.
Oh, my dear, my sister's baby, she studied English at another center.
Oh, gifts, gifts, gifts, I give you all the time, I don't take it, I'm superfluous.
Is there a long border, brother, no, there is no need to go there.
In general, I don't care about this.
Yes, I have been advised by many friends, but I do not need you, thank you.
Oh no, my family has no need to learn English.
Well if that's not the case now, I'm sure I haven't joined yet, I'm sure I didn't study this account.
Oh dear, I have the wrong phone and my daughter is all grown up and has no need to learn English.
Well, my need is low, but that's too high, I don't need it.
and then move too much, I don't need it.
No, I ordered one, but it's been a long time since I've received it.
no, no, there's a place to study at home.
yes, but I don't have the need to accept it.
I'm studying at another center, so I'm sure you won't register any more.
I don't need to attend, so you don't need to advise me.
Yes, my sister, my sister, I let my baby study here, sister.
ah, sister, no, there's no need, you've done it.
I bought insurance from Prudential.
I specialize in facials on eri's side, but I don't want to use another treatment.
I've been practicing with cali for 2 years and I don't want to change.
I signed up to practice with 25fit and hit me up.
Yes, I did not participate in the program, sister.
I no longer need my children to go to school.
I'm looking for another customer for this, I don't care about this.
I don't care that much bro.
But I don't have any need for English.
If your children don't know how to read, how can they learn English?
Now I have no need to join the financial field.
I don't need it when I need something I call back.
Oh dear, thank you, I no longer need you.
Dude, I don't need you.
But I don't need it, you can call someone else.
Oh no, my kids are all grown up, so I won't buy them.
I'm sure your wife won't like this.
Don't call me again when I have a need, I will take the initiative to contact you.
send messages from that individual, I don't have a company.
You just need to send the message, no need for the brand.
This apartment is too small and inconvenient to live, so I don't choose a bigger one, please send me information.
Yes, I'm a bit fat so I can't wear size m, I want to choose size L to wear comfortably.
I want to practice yoga but don't need to go to the gym.
I need to buy a blue and brown wool to match the photo set, but I can't choose another color from my side.
My side said it must be from 10 million, so I don't have enough money to use it.
I want to hire 20 people for a new product launch event this weekend, my friend told me to only support 15 people, so my boss didn't agree..
My partner is using misa software, my boss wants to integrate the switchboard, but the technology cannot be integrated.
My side wants to send advertising messages automatically, but your side doesn't have one, so we can't cooperate.
I have researched, but I see that your side does not support invoicing, so my side does not cooperate.
I'm still a student so I don't have a need.
During the year, there is no one to take her to gifted class anymore, miss.
In the year, she studied part-boarding all day long with many subjects, so her family did not allow her to study any more.
In the year, she went to boarding school all day, so she couldn't attend the drawing class anymore.
My child also swims outside of school, so I don't follow this summer swimming class anymore.
On the 25-foot side, I think it's more suitable for me to work in an office because I don't park my car.
Well, I can't come to you to do skin care, I'm too lazy.
My primary school is too far away, my house is in Go Vap, so I can't pick it up.
I don't need this on my side.
I don't need you.
I won't order this, it's even more expensive.
I like the course in English town, but it costs tens of millions to pay one time, so I can't afford it.
Nabizam's discount on my side is not as good as that of me buying domestic diapers.
Diapers from my side forced to buy by the box but the discount was too little.
I was trying to pay with that moca but it was faulty, so I canceled it.
Well, just now, I wanted to pay with moca for an extra discount, but my moca didn't have enough, so it canceled the order.
My drawing class is too expensive, but my family can't afford it.
I'm a student, what do you do to have money to go to the gym with me?
I just paid you more than a hundred million of centuryon fees and then why did I still have to pay the extension.
It's too expensive, I thought it was cheaper.
Your price is too high, so my boss signed a contract with the other party.
The price is too high, please don't register.
This price is higher than your expectations, so you do not cooperate.
It's the end of the month, so I don't have money to register.
Right now I can't afford to buy it.
I'm still a student, so I don't have money to buy insurance.
My house sells for a little higher price, so I choose the other side to use it, if you need it, please come back to me.
I have consulted some other parties, the price ranges from 1 million to 1 and a half million, my friend, I left it for 2 million, so I couldn't choose.
My price is much cheaper than others, I feel a bit embarrassed.
Your bid package is higher than the other two, so you won't be selected for the next bidding round.
If you reduce the price by 20 percent, I agree to use it..
I have already submitted to my boss, but your price is higher than other parties, so my boss does not accept it.
The price on my side is twice as expensive on the other side, I don't use it.
I want to pay by month, but I want to load a high package to keep my money.
The other party's output commitment is only about 35 million, but my side is 54 million.
az tech's side is much cheaper than yours and doesn't need to be prepaid, so I want to reconsider.
Your package is too high, I just want to top up 1 million to use it up to recharge.
I'm unemployed, why can't I have money to buy it?
I don't have the money to buy these.
Stop being too expensive to use it.
Well, you're getting a cheaper package.
Where is the money that you send your children to study here?
Well, you don't have money to invest.
The other side does it quickly and cheaply, who will use my stuff anymore.
If the price drops, you buy it, if not, then stop.
The cost is too high, I'll let you think about it for a while.
I'm sorry, I'm not participating.
If you sell at this price, who can buy it?